Update csp.ts (#13953)
withastro/astro: .changeset/seven-actors-change.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> fix: add quotes around 'strict-dynamic' in CSP directive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where quotes were not added to the  'strict-dynamic' CSP directive
```
